# Carbon for IBM Products `DISPLAY_NAME` example

This example was initially generated by `@carbon/ibm-products` using the script
`update-gallery-config` found in `package.json`.

## Adding an example

If using the `generate` script then a base example should be created for you. If
for some reason this is not the case do the following:

1. Duplicate an existing example e.g.
   `examples/carbon-for-ibm-products/AboutModal` and rename it to your match
   your component e.g. `MyComponent`
2. Edit `gallery.config.json` which has the following form.

```json
{
  "label": "Name of example in gallery",
  "package-config": {
    "flags": {
      "component": {
        "MyComponent": true
      },
      "feature": {
        "MyFeature": true
      }
      "prefix": "alt-prefix",
    },
    "templates-variation": "templates-react-16"
  }
}
```

NOTE: All fields are optional, although most specify a label.

The `package-config` section is used to specify the config used with the
example, including prefix and any flags enabled.

The `template-variation` is used to specify an alternative to the default
template. This is currently used for React versions only.

3. Edit the `src/Example` folder to show your component.
4. Run the example and replace `thumbnail.png` with a picture of your example.

NOTE 2: The only files retained after each run of the update script are
`thumbnail.png`, `gallery.config.json`, and those in `src/Example`, so ensure
all of your example source sits in the `src/Example` folder.

## Updating examples

Skip step 1 for `Adding an example` otherwise the same.

## Adding / Updating a template or variant

The simplest way to update a template is as follows.

1. Copy the a generated example to the
   `scripts/example-gallery-builder/update-example` folder.
2. Update it as necessary.
3. Test that it works.
4. Remove the folder `scripts/example-gallery-builder/update-example/templates`
   and rename your folder to this.
5. Review the changes made and restore/rectify the template TAGS typically in
   capitals. These are replaced as part of the build process. E.g. DISPLAY_NAME,
   FULL_YEAR, IMPORT_IBM_PRODUCTS_CONFIG. For a full set of current tags review
   the code in `scripts/example-gallery-builder/update-example/index.js`.
6. Remove the files `gallery.config.json`, `thumbnail.png` and the folder
   `src/Example`.

### If a variant

To reduce maintenance variants only need files which differ from the core
`templates` folder. Delete any new files you did not intend to add.

Variants are selected by folder name in the `gallery.config.json` file.
